OSDOCS-16850 2 - CQA for OVNK-1 (#111189)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-list-resources.adoc

----
$ oc get pods ovnkube-node-bcvts -o jsonpath='{.spec.containers[*].name}' -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes
----

> *Expected output*

Reviewer: revert

+
[source,terminal]
----
ovn-controller ovn-acl-logging kube-rbac-proxy-node kube-rbac-proxy-ovn-metrics northd nbdb sbdb ovnkube-controller
----

> The `ovnkube-node` pod is made up of several containers. It is responsible for hosting the northbound database (`nbdb` container), the southbound database (`sbdb` container), the north daemon (`northd` container), `ovn-controller` and the `ovnkube-controller` container. The `ovnkube-controller` container watches for API objects such as pods, egress IPs, namespaces, services, endpoints, egress firewall, and network policies. It is also responsible for allocating pod IP from the available subnet pool for that node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ovnkube-node` pod hosts the following networking containers:

* The northbound database, `nbdb`.
* The southbound database,`sbdb`.
* The north daemon, `northd`.
* The `ovn-controller`.
* The `ovnkube-controller`.

The `ovnkube-controller` container watches for API objects such as pods, egress IPs, namespaces, services, endpoints, egress firewall, and network policies. The controller is also responsible for allocating pod IP addresses from the available subnet pool for that node.
```
ya i think breaking up that wall of text is part of CQA (and including style updates such as adding "addresses" to reference to "IPs", etc.

. List all the containers in the `ovnkube-control-plane` pods by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get pods ovnkube-control-plane-65c6f55656-6d55h -o jsonpath='{.spec.containers[*].name}' -n openshift-ovn-kubernetes
----

> *Expected output*

Reviewer: revert

+
[source,terminal]
----
kube-rbac-proxy ovnkube-cluster-manager
----
+

> The `ovnkube-control-plane` pod has a container (`ovnkube-cluster-manager`) that runs on each {product-title} node. The `ovnkube-cluster-manager` container allocates pod subnet, transit switch subnet IP and join switch subnet IP to each node in the cluster. The `kube-rbac-proxy` container monitors metrics for the `ovnkube-cluster-manager` container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ovnkube-control-plane` pod has a container that runs on each {product-title} node, the `ovnkube-cluster-manager`. The `ovnkube-cluster-manager` container allocates pod subnet, transit-switch subnet IP addresses, and join-switch subnet IP addresses to each node in the cluster. The `kube-rbac-proxy` container monitors metrics for the `ovnkube-cluster-manager` container.
```
remember no parens and let's add some proper punctuation and style
